2
My First Blog and a Hello
09-08-2023
robert arno saalbach
Just a quick overview of the kind of things you can expect from my blog in terms of what I hope to achieve with it, timing and content.
first-blog-hello
introduction
edited 10-08-2023
<p>Hello and welcome to my first blog, and also welcome to my website. I just quickly wanted to make clear what kind of things I will be putting in these blogs and just generally what to expect from them.</p>

<p>These blogs will mainly be a tool to write down bigger thoughts that I have, think about ideas in a text-form, and try to make them concrete. I am publishing them, because I think it will motivate me to achieve a better writing and note-taking style than what I currently have, which essentially consists of jotting down a list of key words associated with a topic hoping that I remember in a month what I meant with all of it. I might not be getting immediate feedback, which is important when wanting to master something, but that is something that I did want to think about adding, perhaps in the form of a comment section, assuming, of course, that eventually enough people will read my blog.</p>

<p>These blogs will not have any kind of schedule. These blogs are simply the result of me expressing myself about things that I am interested in, and writing things on those topics. This can be with varying levels of polish, which also means that some of the blogs might take more time. Also there will not be a super consistent time in my schedule that I will dedicate to this blog, as for me Uni is the primary focus right now, so there may be weeks at a time where I will not be writing a blog.</p>

<p>The main topics that you can expect from this blog, will probably mainly be software, hardware, technology in general, and I will voice my opinions on things, don't you worry. I will admit, I am still relatively new to software I guess, especially compared to the veterans, so take that for what it is. I am not sure that I want to touch on politics on my website, but that is something that could change depending on how things develop. Of course I would want to say my piece about less political or at least less controversial topics. Though I will always consider, at least a bit, to tread into deeper waters and put myself out there. I will do this also in the hopes of refining my opinion, again with a comments section. Some of the blogs you might encounter could be a bit of a ramble rather than something polished and well-thought out, but those blogs will be marked as such.</p>

<p>All right, well I hope you got an idea of what you are in for using this first blog. Happy reading!</p>
